add                                      method              
clone                                    method              
close                                    method              
compare_less                             method              
__eq__                                   method              
eventManager                             method              
events                                   method              
execute                                  method              
fill                                     method              
findInstrument                           method              
getAccounts                              method              
getAccountWithId                         method              
getCandlePoint                           method              
getCandles                               method              
getClose                                 method              
getDescription                           method              
getHistory                               method              
getHistoryOld                            method              
getInverse                               method              
getLastStreamSequenceNumber              method              
getMax                                   method              
getMinMaxPoint                           method              
getMinMaxs                               method              
getMin                                   method              
getOpen                                  method              
getOrders                                method              
getOrderWithId                           method              
getPosition                              method              
getPositions                             method              
getRate                                  method              
getRatesSince                            method              
getRateTable                             method              
getServerTime                            method              
getTimestamp                             method              
getTrades                                method              
getTradeWithId                           method              
getTransactions                          method              
getTransactionWithId                     method              
getUser                                  method              
getWithKeepAliveThread                   method              
getWithLoadableKey                       method              
getWithRateThread                        method              
handle                                   method              
isLoggedIn                               method              
isNull                                   method              
isValid                                  method              
key                                      method              
login                                    method              
logout                                   method              
__lt__                                   method              
marginAvailable                          method              
marginUsed                               method              
match                                    method              
match_pair                               method              
match_transaction_type                   method              
modify                                   method              
realizedPL                               method              
remove                                   method              
__repr__                                 method              
setLogfile                               method              
set                                      method              
setTimeout                               method              
setTimestamp                             method              
setTransient                             method              
setWithKeepAliveThread                   method              
setWithLoadableKey                       method              
setWithRateThread                        method              
__str__                                  method              
timeout                                  method              
unrealizedPL                             method              




accountId                                property            
accountName                              property            
active                                   property            
address                                  property            
ask                                      property            
balance                                  property            
base                                     property            
bid                                      property            
ccode                                    property            
close                                    property            
createDate                               property            
description                              property            
diaspora                                 property            
duration                                 property            
email                                    property            
halted                                   property            
highPriceLimit                           property            
homeCurrency                             property            
id                                       property            
interest                                 property            
isBuy                                    property            
isSell                                   property            
link                                     property            
lowPriceLimit                            property            
marginRate                               property            
maxMarginRate                            property            
max                                      property            
mean                                     property            
min                                      property            
name                                     property            
open                                     property            
orderNumber                              property            
pair                                     property            
pipettes                                 property            
precision                                property            
price                                    property            
profile                                  property            
quote                                    property            
stop_loss                                property            
take_profit                              property            
telephone                                property            
ticketNumber                             property            
timestamp                                property            
transactionNumber                        property            
transient                                property            
translink                                property            
type                                     property            
units                                    property            
userId                                   property            
valid                                    property            
version                                  property            
withKeepAliveThread                      property            
withLoadableKey                          property            
withRateThread                           property            
